Change outdated and confuse statements from C# performance (#7538)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/scripting/c_sharp/c_sharp_basics.rst

Performance of C# in Godot
--------------------------

> Comparing GDScript to C# is tricky since C# can be faster in some specific cases; generally,
> those cases are when not iterating with the engine. So using C# can bring you performance benefits,
> but it is not guaranteed.
> 
> In theory, if C++ (GDNative) is used right it will always be faster than C#, but for most projects,
> the difference is negligible, so use C# or C++ if you like them and know what you are doing; otherwise,
> stick with GDScript, which is likely fast enough for most general scripting workloads.
> 
> The project don't need to stick to a single language; it can use multiple of them at the same time.
> Be aware that doing so will bring its own pitfalls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Comparing GDScript performance to C# is tricky, since C# can be faster in some specific cases. However, C#'s performance can also be brought down by garbage collection which occurs at random and unpredictable moments. This can result in difficult-to-diagnose stuttering issues in complex projects, and is not exclusive to Godot. As a result, C# may result in a performance benefit for some number crunching scenarios, but it is not guaranteed.

For most projects that don't need to perform intensive computations, the difference is negligible. Use C# if you like it and are familiar with the language; otherwise,
stick with GDScript, which is likely fast enough for most general scripting workloads.
Also, remember that using a faster scripting language will not help improve performance
in GPU-bottlenecked scenarios, nor in scenarios where the bottleneck is within the engine (such as physics or navigation).

Your project doesn't need to stick to a single language. It can use multiple of them at the same time.
Be aware that doing so will bring its own pitfalls, as covered in :ref:`doc_cross_language_scripting`.
```

Author: I don't see how C++ is out of scope, the topic is "Performance of C# in Godot", GDNative is integrated in the engine so...

Also I fear that don't adding C++ in the equation can make people come asking "Is C++ faster than C#? The docs don't say anything about it".

I agree that C++ comes out of nowhere, but I couldn't find a better way of writing "C++ _can_ be faster than C#, but I doubt you would need that".
